[Music]
you
toxic toxic toxic CCC toxic time toxic
toxic toxic I took time toxic times time
sick I'm happy
time time time said she can she can she
can she
toxic time toxic I took toxic times e
times
[Music]
you
toxic toxic
[Music]
I'm hot
you
[Music]
toxic
is good the time
[Music]
[Applause]
I am dying wheel they're made of ice in
oh well I feel my pity is good
[Music]
otherwise
[Applause]
[Music]
you
I feel my city
[Music]
you
the time
[Music]
and are you a vice oh well I feel my
beauty it's good and I am evil all the
time nothing
[Music]
Oh
it's good for nothing
[Music]
is good
toxic be on the 405
[Music]
[Applause]
I am
[Music]
you
I need some relief
[Music]
for nothing
[Applause]
[Music]
it's good and I am all the time I need
some
you
[Music]
some relief they am tired
I'm wasted for nothing [__] this place I
need some relief
[Music]
I
you
and it is PME off of it
[Laughter]
[Music]
it's good I am
it's good for nothing
[Music]
you